docs: add contribution category (#134)
uport-project/veramo-website: docs/community/open_source_community.md

---
id: open_source_community
title: Open Source Community
sidebar_label: Open Source Community
---

Veramo is supported by a vibrant open source community. We welcome contributions from anyone interested in improving and extending our product.

## Workgroups
### Ethereum DID Workgroup
The Ethereum DID workgroup is currently working on the did:ethr method, discussing its upgrade, and providing support to community members who use it. Full details about this workgroup and how to participate can be found [here](https://github.com/veramolabs/did-eth).

## Meetings and Programs
### Community Call

> We hold monthly meetings and programs to discuss new features, bug fixes, and other important topics. These meetings are open to anyone interested in contributing to our product.

Author: ```suggestion
We hold monthly meetings to discuss new features, bug fixes, and other important topics. These meetings are open to anyone interested in contributing to our project, and are a great opportunity for people to showcase their own products and how they fit in the Veramo or verifiable-data ecosystem.
```
